I'm such a picky eater. Look at the mouth,
Watch me fight. These two pieces.
These two dollars are free. You go out and go in.
It's also my first time here, and I have the mentality of helping me play.
You can't afford the big ones,
Too expensive. How much do these two dollars cost?
One thousand together. OK, deal.
It won't be long before I go, so I rush to stop eating.
This is my cousin. He is just a bigot.
Come on, it’s all your three yuan worth of straw.
I'm still learning to stop eating for the time being. See a doctor if you are sick?
Stop loving you. boss,
You said you have a waste
What good things can it be made into?
Really saving money
How could he, a loser, create a red bandit?
Continue to open the entire red bandit
If it's a whole piece of red bandit, I can burn them
Are you stupid?
She is a waste
There are also fat, crispy and red ones.
It's just a ghost
Why is it waiting for food?
Why are you still static?
He was so angry that he came up with good things